Subbed by Kyubi
Chekked by Shinji 89
http://www.narutofansub.altervista.org
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hikarabita Kotoba or tsunaide
sovedemo boku not shinpuvu na
omoi or tsutaetai dake na not fukinukeru
Kusunda ano hi not kaze wa
kinou not haikyo ni uchisustete
kimi to warau ima or ikiru noda YEAH!
sovedemo kono dekigoto wa
kimi not kurushimeru darov
dakara koso sayonara nanda
kono mama dwaries mo nokorazu ni
anata to wakachi an dake
yagate bokura wa
sove ga endured from to kigatsuite kanashimi mo
hoho tsutatte namida or kawa ni naru dake
yureru omo wa tsuyoi uzu ni natte
take an not yo
Baby
E' hour of spassarcela!
Heià gives one to you calmed.
Not to sing Victoria too much soon
Six cleared up to you of they?
S ý.
On purpose. the rain has been stopped.
You do not have to end that run stupid?
Uhm.. goes well!
E' hour to go!
Tempio Modoroki
We must arrive lassu?
S ý.
These scales are too much long!
The "Scales are calls break-breath."
Ah? I want to see!
But it is impossible. E' one joke?
But how much breath has?
Head.
Finally Idate is arriving .
You had reason. is not escaped.
Of I was sure.
The boy has earned my confidence.
Six nearly arrived. Sbrigati. Idate.
Episode #105
Fine of the stage!
The thunders preannounce one violent crash!
Ehi. youà
S ý?
I must dirti that you six earned my confidence.
S ý  s ý.  I have other to which thinking.
Someone believes in you not!?
During the Chuunin examinationà
You have said that you had fallen on the tenth question. just?
Uhm.. was a strange problem that left the choice us to resolve it or not.
They were 3 years agoà
They had given the same problem to me.
Well. I go to give the tenth problem to you.
The tenth problemà
Which kind of question wants to make my brother us?
The tenth problem is one competition
between the 3 members of your square.
Once data the problem. you must answer all and 3 to the questionsà
And one of you will beà
Eliminated.
Who will fail will have to always remain a Genin in order.
I will make sure  personally that it cannot more be ripresentare to the Chuunin examination.
Which thing?
Then all the job of square is not served to nothing!
The rules I here establish them. And I do not admit objections.
If you want to be withdrawn. you can make it.
If gone via now you can rifare the examination between 6 months.
But if a person withdraws itself. the entire square will be disqualified
But you will have the right to rifare the examination between 6 months.
Then. than what you have decided?
A member of my square will failà
I have confidence in me. I can make it us.
But one of they will always remain Genin in orderà
It is  a decision that its will change
life. and that one of the square companions.
If you want to be withdrawn. makes it hour never more you or.
It is  all. who abandons?
Last callà
In this case. all hereà
you have failed!
P.... Why?
Waited forà
We have taken the choice difficult to remain here!
The determination of which spoken it is the worse one than all!
You do not have the right to become Chuunin!
E' all.
I understand.
Which kind of question is capitata to you ?
I have forgotten.
In effects. me it has explained. but I have not understood much good.
They are remained in knows it because I had confidence in he.
But it has betrayed to me.
It was impossible to preview the result.
Then. I have asked my brotherà
Brother. than what it was this examination!?
A Ninja must see to here of the normal parameters.
You would have had to comprise this message during the examination.
Truly I have not understood it!
You have not never had need of courage in order to complete one mission?
Idate.
Just six convinced some?
Sure that not. M-Maà
Ehià
Scordati the life from Ninja.
If you say it. I will make  ità
But dimmi because I have failed to the examination!
You must discover it aloneà
You reflect to us.
I have not never found the answer to this question.
Aoi has caught to you. later on true?
Already.
We are arrives to you finally!
Hour I can continue alone. You it remains here.
After all this. you still say to leave to me you in peace!?
I cannot more receive aid from part yours.
I.... must make it alone us. otherwise I would be useless!
Ehi.... Ehi. Idate!
I can make it us.
The cures of Sakura-saint have made effect.
Merda.
Not! It does not make me badly!
Well. I go to catch up it!
The island of O' uzu is from the other side of the bridge.
You would have sbrigarti.
It would seem that Idate has caught up the Tempio di Modoroki.
What!?
I have underrated this Genin di Konoha.
Merda! Why you have not killed them!?
Not there is time in order to discuss of.
It crosses the bridge. and to the svelta.
Eternal damnation. than good to null!
Ehi. You aid only because it is my job.
But if it still lacks to me respect. I kill to you.
Spiacente S-S..Sono..à
Hour that you have understood. you go!
S ý!
It is  here!  It is  Fukusuke!
It is  impressive. I did not expect see again a lot soon to you.
This is.... The sword of Raijin!
Stopped!
Stopped!!
E' useless to resist.
It is  the leggendaria sword used from the Nidaimeà
The sword of Raijin. Nobody  can  resistergli
You would have to know it.
After all. six the one which has it stolen for me.
Merdaà
Of the mud balls.... Like in the combats between children.
Scusami but I do not have more mine kunai.
Naruto!
But you will not be able to stop the following ball with that one.
Kage bunshin not jutsu
The Chakra in the palm of the hand concentratesà
We go!
Still!
What tries to makeà
Ninpou: Jouro Senbon!
[ Rain of pricks ]
Spiace to say to you it to me. but this sword of Raijin  can  cut whichever thing.
And of the concentrated Chakra not ago exception.
Naruto!
This time. lascer‗  not to go  to you.  I will not make  the same error.
You must be struck against me! Not to touch Idate!
You say always things of the sort?
An other. you proteggete. and you helped dates confidenceà
The thing begins to annoy to me.
The persons weak people cannot
to survive without the aid of the others.
This is because they believe in the others and they are made to betray.
The weak people as you they must always escape.>.
He is not cos ý.  Idate?
Sai well of that I speak. because it has happened when you have stolen this sword.
I see.
The village of the Rain.
Aoi-sensei?
Aoi-sensei!
Idate!
Brotherà
Race of imbecille!
It returns immediately to the village!
Tu.... you do not become account of what you have made!?
What!?
Six strict one. as usual.
also with your smaller brother.
But it does not import. Are content that you have come.
Aoi-sensei?
A simple Jonin  cannot  interpret  that  that is written in this coil of Kinjutsu.
[ Technical prohibited ]
For guilt mine. two siblings tradiranno Konoha.
Ibiki-saint. ve I pray some. you reveal the content to me of this coil.
Scordatelo.
You have chosen the dead women.... With Idate?
It is  a Ninja. perhaps not much equippingà
But it does not have fear to die.
It does not seem to me that you have reason.
It has the printed publication fear in face.
I have forgotten the life about Ninja!  I will not be  never more a Ninja! You do not kill to me!
It deciphers the coil.
You will not want at all to see yours fratellino smaller to die under your eyes. true?
Fratellino? It speaks about this idiot?
Brotherà
This kind of threats does not work with me.
Ibiki. the Village of Konoha is cos ý  important for you?
Even if the proteggi with your life. you will be always and only one pawn!
E' this the reason for which you have betrayed Konoha?
Painful.
Race ofà!
Idate!
Vattene!
And you brother?
I will catch up  to you. I have an account to regulate.
Lascer‗  not to go  to you!
Brother!
Vattene! You escape!
But. brother!
Vai!
If it remains here you will be only of impiccio!
Ve I will not allow  it!
Vai!
Enough I was been strangeà
It has risked its life for an idiot like you.
Later on. only you have run. and runà
You could have asked aid the village.
But you have not made it.
The excuse "I thought that Ibiki was died" could not resist.
It is  while still alive. after all.
To the contrary of you. Ibiki has a great talent .
Sopportato the tortureà
The content from the coil has been kept secret. and it has brought back it behind
All this for guilt of good its fratellino to null.
You have betrayed your village. and abandoned your brotherà
And tasks only to same you.
You have not believed neanche in your brother. that it has risked its life in order to save yours.
You had fear of the punishment.
Then you have not believed in Konoha. your village born them.
Not creeds in nobody.
And nobody believes in you.
I have not never had a pupil Bravo like you.
_ in order ricompensar you. you  kill  in one fraction of second.
Idate-saint!
Sasuke! Sakura-chan!
It recovers the Naruto forces.
I of he take care.
Not to make a lot the advanced one.
M' he does not import in how many you are. nobody  can  strike to me.
I. Rokusho Aoi. a Jonin of the Village of the Rain that handles the sword of Raijin.
Truly?
Interesting.... the sword of Raijin against my Chidorià
We see qual' is better.>.!
Then the voices were true.
The survivor of the Uchiha clan is more the weak person than all.
Sasuke-kun!
Sakura-saint. scappa! It will not save nobody!
you want makes you to kill!
Not to say it not even!
I you  protegger‗. Idate-saint! I have made one promised you. not?
Give confidence to us!
therefore they remain a small hurt rabbit. and an excellent pupil.
You will salt together in paradise.
It withdraws.
It withdraws!
To withdraw that what?
That  that you have as soon as said!
The survivor of the Uchihaà
I!
He is not from underrating!
Tu!
Sasuke-kun!
Sasuke-kun! In feet!
The bottom of the ocean would have to be enough cold.
Stopped!
Idate!
Sakura-chan!
Get out sumimasen
i
h
j
k
w
boku tamani boku tamani
yume ni afureru hito not kakeraga
yama not yoni mieru
to
b
c
q
and
kami sama ni hotoke sama ni
tsutae naiteru hito not kakeraga
yama not yoni mieru
dan dan dan sura nanderu
borushoi it did not place ni narandara
shake shake shake sagaso janainowa
bye bye bye not let' s of
i
j
k
l
m
n
or
yama not yoni mieru
That what I must make against the sword of Nidaime Hokageà
Also the Chidori di Sasuke and my Rasengan have not been able to make nothing!
But I cannot lose.  I will not escape!
If my movements do not work....  I will continue  to use them until the end!
Next episode
Idate not to make it!?
The last one briciolo of forces
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm